Update search-job.md (#5186)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/api/search-job.md

## Bash this Search Job

You can use the following script to exercise the API. 

:::note

> Ensure that you send AccessID/ACCESSKEY pair even if they are sending cookies for the Search Job APIs.

Author: ```suggestion
Ensure that you send AccessID/ACCESSKEY pair even if cookies are sent for the Search Job APIs.
```
